At start, we were expected to design and implement a processor which supports instruction set: (AND, ADD, LD, ST, ANDI, ADDI, CMP, JUMP, JE, JA, JB, JBE, JAE). Processor will have 12 bits address width and 16 bits data width. Processor will have __*5 parts*__ as follows. **Register File** will hold register values and signal to write into any register. There will be __*16 registers*__ in processor. **Instruction Memory** will be a *read-only memory* and instructions will be stored in this component. If the current instruction is not one of the JUMP instructions(JUMP, JE, JA etc.); the next instruction will be fetched and executed consecutively from this memory. **Data Memory** will be *read-write memory* which will store data. Program will be able to read data from *data memory*, and also store data to this memory. **Data Memory** will have __*12 bits address width*__, and __*16 bits data width*__. **Control Unit** will produce proper signals to all datapath components. For example if the instruction is *ST*, control unit should produce *memWrite* signal which will allow *Data Memory* component to write data value on its data input to the address on its address input. **Arithmetic Logic Unit (ALU)** will compute arithmetic operations ADD,AND,ADDI,ANDI. Operands will be fetched from register+register or register+ immediate value. Result will be stored to the *Register File*. Control unit should produce proper signals to *ALU* according to instruction *opcode* (*Every instruction should have distinct operational code*). 

All other details are in Wiki page. You can access it by [clicking here](https://github.com/EmreKumas/Processor_Design/wiki) or clicking Wiki from the upper panel.
